PROBLEM STATEMENT
We are going to sell a collection of individual plastic characters that
customers will buy and place on their mailboxes to spell out their addresses.   
We have a vector <string> of "typical" addresses and want to be able to compare a proposed
collection to these addresses and determine how many are impossible to form from
our collection. 

We will count an address as impossible if it cannot be formed from our entire collection
of characters. Space characters in an address can always be formed because the customer can form spaces by placing our plastic characters as he
wishes.

Create a class Mailbox that contains a method impossible that is given a string
collection and a vector <string> address and that returns the number of elements in address that
are impossible to form from the given collection of characters. 



DEFINITION
Class:Mailbox
Method:impossible
Parameters:string, vector <string>
Returns:int
Method signature:int impossible(string collection, vector <string> address)


CONSTRAINTS
-collection will contain between 1 and 50 characters inclusive
-Each character in collection will be an uppercase letter 'A'-'Z' or a digit '0'-'9'.
-address will contain between 1 and 50 elements inclusive.
-Each element of address will contain between 1 and 50 characters inclusive.
-Each character in each element of address will be an uppercase letter 'A'-'Z' or a digit '0'-'9' or a space ' '.


EXAMPLES

0)
"AAAAAAABBCCCCCDDDEEE123456789"
{"123C","123A","123 ADA"}

Returns: 0


   All these can be formed. The space in "123 ADA" can never be a problem,
   and collection contains two 'A's. 
   We only consider one address at a time so it doesn't matter that we
   cannot form both "123C" and "123A" at the same time from this collection.



1)
"ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPRSTUVWXYZ1234567890"
{"2 FIRST ST"," 31 QUINCE ST", "606 BAKER"}

Returns: 3



   We cannot form any of these. The first address requires two 'S's, the second 
   address requires a 'Q', and the third address requires two '6's. 


2)
"ABCDAAST"
{"111 A ST", "A BAD ST", "B BAD ST"}

Returns: 2

"111 A ST" cannot be formed since collection does not contain any digits. "B BAD ST" cannot be formed because it requires 2 'B's. 
